==========
Meeting 1:
==========

Minutes of Meeting: Alex, Andy, Corie, Gareth, Tibo, Will
------------------------------------
date: 12 Feb ’19
start time:13:00
end time: 13:30
date and time of next meeting: 19 Feb ’19, 13:00
topics discussed:
-- Initial discussion of ideas
-- Discussion on how to split up the project
progress since last meeting:
N/A
TODO (for next meeting):
-- Everyone: Return with a list of classes related to the project and how these classes#
   could be split into different sections.

==========
Meeting 2:
==========

Minutes of Meeting: Alex, Andy, Corie, Gareth, Tibo, Will
------------------------------------
date: 19 Feb ’19
start time:13:00
end time: 13:30
date and time of next meeting: 22 Feb ’19, 12:00
topics discussed:
-- Bringing together everyones ideas of what the classes should be and how they should interact.
-- Determining the path to take to start designing the project: creating a comprehensive list of classes,
   putting these into CRC form and then into UML diagrams.
-- Discussing how these classes should be split up into sections and who should get each section.
-- Agreeing to create a github repository to store and share files for the project.
progress since last meeting:
-- Everyone: A brining together of everyones ideas of what classes will be needed for the project. 
TODO (for next meeting):
-- Everyone: Return next later on in the week with CRC cards of each of your given sections.
-- Gareth & Alex: Work on the classes defined in the 'User' section.
-- Andy: Work on the classes for the betting system.
-- Corie: Work on the classes for the leaderboards and databases system.
-- Will: Work on the classes for the actual game mechanics.
-- Tibo: Work on the classes for the GUI elements.
-- Everyone: Start to think about how the program will be structured in terms of inheritance, hierarchy etc.

==========
Meeting 3
==========
date: 22 Feb ’19
start time:12:00
end time: 12:30
date and time of next meeting: Continue with intermittent online group chats whenever necessary.
topics discussed:
-- Going over the CRC cards created and making sure that class names were consistent.
-- Discussing how to implement these CRC cards in the UML diagram - how will it be structured? Which will be 
   abstract classes, what kind of relationships?
-- Similar to the previous week, the UML diagrams were also shared between the group to complete for the assignment.
progress since last meeting:
-- Everyone: CRC cards were created and collated so that everyone could view them and see in relation to their own,
             which meant that relationships could be seen beteween classes so that the UML diagrams could be developed.
-- Corie: Created a github for all group members to use.
TODO (for the rest of the project):
-- Everyone: Finish working on UML diagrams as discussed in the meeting.
-- Everyone: Keep in contact with the rest of the group in order to maintain consistency between things like variable names,
             method names and class titles.
-- Everyone: Continue to think and keep adding to the github repository ideas on how the UML diagrams should be constructed 
             after everyone has finished their diagrams.
